Chainhooks documentation to run chainhook as a service for Bitcoin and Stacks (#304)
hirosystems/chainhook: docs/how-to-guides/how-to-run-chainhook-as-a-service-using-bitcoind.md

## Initiate Chainhook Service

In this section, you'll learn how to initiate the chainhook service using the following two ways and use the REST API call to post the events onto a server.

- Initiate the chainhook service by passing the predicate path to the command as shown below.

  `$ chainhook service start --predicate-path=ordinals_protocol.json --config-path=Chainhook.toml`

  The above command registers the predicates based on the predicate definition in the `ordinals_protocol.json` file.
  

> - You can start the chainhook service and pass the predicates dynamically to post the events based on the `then-that` predicate definition. To do this, first:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- You can also dynamically register predicates via the predicate registration server. To do this:
```

>   - Uncomment the following lines of code in the `Chainhook.toml` file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Uncomment the following lines of code in the `Chainhook.toml` file to enable the predicate registration server.
```

	  ```
    [http_api]
    http_port = 20456
    database_uri = "redis://localhost:6379/"
    ```

>   - Pass the JSON file as input in the body of the HTTP API call as shown in the screenshot below.
>   ![Example of the JSON file passed in the body of the API call](../images/api-post-json-in-body.jpeg)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Start the Chainhook service by running `$ chainhook service start --config-path=Chainhook.toml`.
```

>   ![Example of the JSON file passed in the body of the API call](../images/api-post-json-in-body.jpeg)

Reviewer: This image has the wrong address, it should be to localhost:20456

Then, start the chainhook service using the following command:

> `$ chainhook service start --config-path=Chainhook.toml`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - Now, the predicate registration server is running at `localhost:20456`. To dynamically register a new predicate, send a POST request to `localhost:20456/v1/chainhooks` with the new predicate, in JSON format, included in the request body. For full documentation on the API endpoints available, see the [openapi](#docs/chainhook-openapi.json) spec.
```
